2 + 2 = 5 for extremely large values of 2.
24 hours in a day...24 beers in a case...coincidence?
3 kinds of people: those who can count & those who can't.
==/==/==/==Police tagline==/==/==Do not cross ==/==/==/== 
A chicken is an egg's way of producing more eggs. 
A conclusion is simply the place where you got tired of thinking.
A day for firm decisions!  Or is it? 
A girl phoned me the other day and said .... Come on over, there's nobody home. I went over. Nobody was home. 
Adventure is a romantic word for trouble. -- Louis L'Amour
Adding manpower to a late project is like getting nine women pregnant in hopes of obtaining a baby in one month.
All wiyht. Rho sritched mg kegtops awound?
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
Alzheimers advantage: New friends every day. 
Amusement is the happiness of those who cannot think. 
An idle mind is worth two in the bush. 
An unbreakable toy is useful for breaking other toys. 
Anyone can give up smoking, but it takes a REAL man to face cancer.
Are you suggesting that coconuts migrate? 
As I said before, I never repeat myself. 
As a matter of fact, no, I don't have a life. 
Be nice to your kids. They'll choose your nursing home.
Black holes are where God divided by zero.
Budget: A method for going broke methodically.
Bungee Jumper?  Catch you on the rebound. 
Buy a Pentium 586/300 so you can reboot faster.
By the time you can make ends meet, they move the ends.
Can you tell me how to get to Sesame Street? 
Cannibals don't eat clowns because they taste funny.
Car service: If it ain't broke, we'll break it.
Change is inevitable..... except from a vending machine.
Climate is what you expect.  Weather is what you get. 
DO {nothing} WHILE (HearFromMe==0) 
Do babies think adults are cute? 
Do not put statements in the negative form.
Doing my part to make your day a little more surreal. 
Don't be so open-minded your brains fall out.
Don't let people drive you crazy when you know it's within walking distance.
Don't use a big word where a diminutive one will suffice.
Dain Bramaged. 
Democracy is a beautiful thing, except for that part about letting just any old yokel vote.
Department of Redundancy Department
Depression is merely anger without enthusiasm.
Dinner Not Ready...(A)bort (R)etry (P)izza 
Diplomacy is the art of saying 'Nice doggie!'... till you can find a rock.
Diplomacy - the art of letting someone have your way.
Don't drink and drive. You might hit a bump, and spill your drink.
Don't Take Life Seriously, It Is Not Permanent. 
Don't panic.  Don't panic.  Don't panic.  ...  ALL RIGHT, NOW PANIC  
Don't read everything you believe. 
Don't take life too seriously: You're not getting out alive, anyway.
Easter is canceled this year.  They've found the body. 
Elvis is dead, and I'm not feeling so marvelous myself.
Energizer Bunny arrested, charged with battery
Even snakes are afraid of snakes. 
Ever stop to think, and forget to start again?
Every 4 seconds a woman has a baby. Our problem is to find this woman and stop her.
FOR SALE: 1 set of morals, never used, will sell cheap. 
For Sale: Parachute. Only used once, never opened, small stain
Famous last words - Don't worry, I can handle it. 
Find your aim in life, before you run out of ammunition 
For people who like peace and quiet: a phoneless cord.
Give a woman an inch, and she thinks she's the ruler. 
Give me ambiguity or give me something else.
Good girls go to heaven...but bad girls go EVERYWHERE!! 
Gravity brings me down 
Hard work has a future payoff.  Laziness pays off now. 
Headline: Bear takes over Disneyland in Pooh D'Etat!
Help Wanted: Telepath. You know where to apply.
Hey!  Who took the cork off my lunch??! 
Home is where the house is.
Honk if you love peace and quiet. 
How can you tell when sour cream's gone bad? 
How do you know when you.ve run out of invisible ink? 
How much deeper would the ocean be without sponges? 
How does the guy who drives the snowplow get to work in the morning? 
I almost had a psychic girlfriend but she left me before we met.
I am not an animal!  I am ...  well, not an animal. 
I bet living in a nudist colony takes all the fun out of Halloween.
I can explain it to you, but I can't understand it for you. 
I can please only one person per day. Today is not your day. Tomorrow isn't looking good either.
I can resist anything but temptation. 
I can walk on water, but I stagger on alcohol. 
I could tell that my parents hated me. My bath toys were a toaster and a radio. 
I didn't fight my way to the top of the food chain to be a vegetarian.
I don't care who you are, Fatso.  Get the reindeer off my roof! 
I don't have a solution but I admire the problem.
I don't have to be dead to donate my organ. Want it?
I don't lie, cheat or steal unnecessarily. 
I drink to make other people interesting. 
I got a gun for my wife. Best trade I ever made.
I haven't lost my mind, I know exactly where I left it. 
I killed a 6-pack just to watch it die.
I may be getting older, but I refuse to grow up 
I mustanottagottalotta sleep last night. 
I need someone really bad... Are you really bad?
I started out with nothing. I still have most of it left.
I tried sniffing Coke once, but the ice cubes got stuck in my nose. 
I used to be schizophrenic, but we're all right now. 
I used to have a handle on life, but it broke.
I want to die in sleep like my grandfather.....not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.
I was lying in bed, looking up at the stars when I suddenly thought to myself, "Where the hell did my roof go?" 
I wish life had a scroll-back buffer. 
I worked in a pet shop and people kept asking how big I'd get. 
I'd explain it to you, but your brain would explode.
I'll eat anything that's BRIGHT BLUE!! 
I'm Serfectly Pober. 
I'm a cowboy ...  on a steel horse I ride! 
I'm not a complete idiot: Some parts are missing.
I'm not cheap, but I am on special this week.
I'm so broke, I can't even pay attention. 
I'm spending a year dead for tax purposes. 
I've seen the future.  I can't afford it. 
If 7-11 is open 24 hours a day, 365 days a year; why are there locks on the doors? 
If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?
If I were here more often, I wouldn't be gone so much. 
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving isn't for you. 
If at first you DO succeed, try not to look astonished!
If idiots could fly, this would be an airport. 
If in doubt, make it sound convincing. 
If it weren't for pick-pocketers I'd have no sex life at all. 
If life gives you lemons, make lemonade. 
If money could talk, it would say goodbye. 
If one synchronized swimmer drowns, do the rest have to drown too?
If practice makes perfect, and nobody's perfect, why practice? 
If they call it tourist season, why can't we shoot them? 
If things get any worse, I'll have to ask you to stop helping me.
If we aren't supposed to eat animals, why are they made of meat?
If you believe in telekinesis, raise my hand. 
If you can't convince them, confuse them. 
If you don't care where you are, then you ain't lost. 
If you really want to impress people with your computer literacy, add the words "dot com" to the end of everything you say, dot com.
If you want to know more about paranoids follow them around.
Indecision is the key to flexibility.
Insomnia isn't anything to lose sleep over.
It's never too late to have a happy childhood 
It.s not an optical illusion- it just looks like one. 
It's not hard to meet expenses, they're everywhere.
Jesus may love you, but he won't respect you in the morning.
Just don't tell the asylum you saw me here 
Let's go back to my place for some reckless eye contact. 
Life is like a Car-wash and I'm on a bicycle. 
Life is uncertain...eat dessert first! 
Life's too short to dance with ugly women. 
Madness takes its toll. Please have exact change.
Make it idiot proof and someone will make a better idiot.
Make up a language and ask people for directions. 
May the Porsche be with you. 
My kid had sex with your honor student.
My life may be strange, but at least it's not boring. 
My wife made me join a bridge club. I jump off next Tuesday.
Neither rain, nor snow, nor l?ne n*oi*se 
No wanna work.  Wanna bang on keyboard. 
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
Of all the things I've lost, I miss my mind the most. 
On the other hand, you have different fingers.
One atom bomb can really ruin your day. 
One day as I came home early from work ..... I saw a guy jogging naked. I said to the guy .... Hey buddy .... why are you doing that for? He said .... Because you came home early. 
One night I came home very late.  It was the next night 
Out here in the fields...I fight for my meals...! 
Pizza IS the four food groups! 
Please Tell Me if you Don't Get This Message 
Press any key to continue or any other key to quit...
Proofread carefully to see if you any words out.
Puritanism: The haunting fear that someone, somewhere may be happy.
Rainy days and automatic weapons always get me down.
Remember, If you're not in bed by 10:30.....  go home! 
Save the whales.  Collect the whole set. 
Seen it all, done it all, can't remember most of it. 
Send lawyers, guns, & money... 
Send more tourists.....  the last ones were delicious! 
Smile.  It's the second best thing you can do with your lips. 
So you're a feminist...Isn't that cute!
Space is big.  Really big. 
THE GOLDEN RULE: He who has the gold makes the rules 
The more you complain, the longer God lets you live.
Tagline Lotto: 2222222222<- Scratch here for prize. 
Take my advice, I don't use it anyway. 
The beatings will continue until morale improves.
The best way to keep friends is not to give them away. 
The only thing shorter than a weekend is a vacation. 
The secret of the universe is~~*#~** FF * NO CARRIER 
The sixth sheikh's sixth sheep's sick. 
The weather is here, wish you were beautiful. 
The whole world is about three drinks behind 
There's a pizza place near where I live that sells only slices. In the back you can see a guy tossing a triangle in the air. 
There cannot be a crisis today; my schedule is already full.
There will be no last bus tonight. 
This garment is made entirely from animals who committed suicide in the wild. 
Those without heads do not need hats. 
Tilting at windmills hurts you more than the windmills. 
Time flies when you don't know what you're doing. 
Tis better to be hunter than hunted. 
To all you virgins.... thanks for nothing.
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday 
Trees hit cars only in self-defence. 
Try to look unimportant, they may be low on ammo. 
Under capitalism, man exploits man. Under socialism, it's just the opposite.
Vuja De - The Feeling You've Never Been Here 
WARNING ...  drinking tap water can kill your thirst! 
Wanted: Volcano.  Average size.  Must be active. 
WANTED: Meaningful overnight relationship.
War News: Saddam's army blown away by Thai hookers. 
Warning: Dates in Calendar are closer than they appear. 
We have here the latest in primitive technology. 
We regret any inconvenience caused by our arrogance and greed. 
Welcome to Australia, now go home. 
What do you mean that 2 years have passed?? 
What has four legs and an arm? A happy pit bull.
What else can you do at 3:00 am? 
When a woman wants a man to listen to reason, she wants him to listen to her. 
When everything's coming your way, you're in the wrong lane.
When I played in the sandbox the cat kept covering me up.
Why get even, when you can get odd? 
Why do fat chance & slim chance mean the same thing? 
Why do they put Braille dots on the keypad of the drive-up ATM? 
Why is "abbreviation" such a long word?
Why is it called a TV set when you only get one? 
Why isn't there mouse-flavored cat food? 
Women do come with instructions; ask them. 
Women always worry about the things that men forget; men always worry about the things that women remember. 
Women have to be in the mood, men just have to be in the room.
Women want toasted ice. -- Arab Proverb 
You can.t be late until you show up. 
You know that little indestructible box that is used on planes? Why don't they just make the whole plane out of that substance? 
Young gorillas are friendly, but they soon learn. 
"640K ought to be enough for anybody." - Bill Gates, 1981
#define QUESTION ((bb) || !(bb)) - Shakespeare. (To be or not to be)
A bad random number generator: 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 4.33e+67, 1, 1, 1
A paperless office has about as much chance as a paperless bathroom.
(A)bort, (R)etry, (I)nfluence with large hammer.
(A)bort, (R)etry, (G)et a beer?
According to my calculations the problem doesn't exist.
All computers wait at the same speed.
All programmers are playwrights and all computers are lousy actors.
All you need to know is the user interface.
All wiyht. Rho sritched mg kegtops awound?
An error? Impossible! My modem is error correcting.
As a computer, I find your faith in technology amusing.
As far as we know, our computer has never had an undetected error.
As of next week, passwords will be entered in Morse code.
Asking whether machines can think is like asking whether submarines can swim.
Backup not found: (A)bort (R)etry (P)anic
Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved it correct, not tried it.
Beware of programmers who carry screwdrivers.
BREAKFAST.COM Halted...Cereal Port Not Responding
Breaking Windows isn't just for kids anymore...
Bug? That's not a bug, that's a feature.
Bugs come in through open Windows
Bus error (Passengers dumped) 
Buy a Pentium 586/300 so you can reboot faster.
C program run. C program crash. C programmer quit.
C:\GRAPHICS\GIF\NAUGHTY\FILTHY\DISGUSTING\WOW!
C:\WINDOWS C:\WINDOWS\GO C:\PC\CRAWL
Calm down -- it's only ones and zeros.
Cannot find REALITY.SYS. Universe halted.
CChheecckk yyoouurr dduupplleexx sswwiittcchh..
Close your eyes and press escape three times.
COFFEE.EXE Missing - Insert Cup and Press Any Key
Compatible: Gracefully accepts erroneous data from any source.
Computer analyst to programmer: "You start coding. I'll go find out what they want."
Computers are not intelligent. They only think they are.
Computers are unreliable, but humans are even more unreliable.
Computers are useless. They can only give you answers. (Picasso)
Computers make very fast, very accurate mistakes.
Daddy, what does FORMATTING DRIVE C mean?
Daddy, why doesn't this magnet pick up this floppy disk?
DEFINITION: Computer - A device designed to speed up and automate errors.
Disclaimer: Any errors in spelling, tact, or fact are transmission errors.
Don't document the program; program the document.
DOS Tip #17: Add DEVICE=FNGRCROS.SYS to CONFIG.SYS
E-mail returned to sender -- insufficient voltage.
Enter any 11-digit prime number to continue...
Error: Keyboard not attached. Press F1 to continue.
Error reading FAT record: Try the SKINNY one? (Y/N)
Excuse me for butting in, but I'm interrupt-driven.
f u cn rd ths, u cn gt a gd jb n cmptr prgrmmng.
File not found. Should I fake it? (Y/N)
Finish your mail packet! Children are offline in India.
Foolproof operation: All parameters are hard coded.
Hit any user to continue.
I just found the last bug.
If debugging is the process of removing bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in.
My software never has bugs. It just develops random features.
Press -- to continue ...
Press any key... no, no, no, NOT THAT ONE!
Programmer - A red-eyed, mumbling mammal capable of conversing with inanimate objects.
Programmers don't die, they just GOSUB without RETURN.
Real programmers don't document. If it was hard to write, it should be hard to understand."
REALITY.SYS corrupted: Reboot universe? (Y/N/Q)
Smash forehead on keyboard to continue.....
Southern DOS: Y'all reckon? (Yep/Nope)
The generation of random numbers is too important to be left to chance.
Will the information superhighway have any rest stops?
